handle whisper admin bug, handle whisper scroll bar ugliness, better way to do that. ask claude about any othre chat features. Fix text size issues 



> unlock door to w
Multiple doors here — specify a direction (e.g. unlock door north).
Faintly, Someone argues with the building's ... system, which ... ever says "PLEASE ...
> unlock door west
The hololock disengages with a soft click.

unlock w, unlock door to w, unlock door west should all work, unlock west door too


peep through door command, peepable tag

No lightning flash indoors but still muffled thunder

allow event routes to have a weight, defaults to x1

Add a wake up dialog where nothing takes place (you dont spawn etc) until you hit it at the start (to get client input for sound.

spawn furniture admin command



Change clone button to add again

ejecting isnt working, should show the media deck empty with no casette in it, make an inventory stashing sound

Add a feature to weather broadcast where it shows the 7 day graphic. Add Dex chatting more lines about each day before moving on, but also focusing mostly on today and tomorrow.

Make mediadeck cassettes and amp music player cassettes chunkier, 3d dimension especially while loadind, tilted forward then back

Volume slider on AMP

Make weather ambience only effect tiles which connect to it, so building zone is based solely off it's respective exterior (not surrounding tiles)

When rain is not audible, it should not be visible in weather fx. Scale up the intensity for high storms. Impact wind and rain effects based on wind setting. Have rain/snow not turn off suddenly but reduce raindrops gradually over 5 or so seconds


put pants on should work not act on containers

1/2 star should be a half filled up star not 1/2 written out

	
On move into a room calculate sound of rain from outside after you;'ve closed the door

Logoff warning should be in our own dialogs, should have a danger banner on top and bottom and a skull and crossbones. If player is in their home ignore putting this warning up and log out.''

When shop closes if you bought something vendor should say they're hope you're happy with your purchase kind of lines, if you didnt buy anything they'll kinda whine

all devpanel dialogs should use our inbrowser ones instead


wanted stars always in our accent color

pee sound needs some work, doesn seem to be water splashs sounding, should mostly sound like a solid stream with occsaional breaks and drips



Misunderstood what I meant by poop and pee on it



add in cooktest agin



Add hnnngg lines that give you a 10 second warning before cumming in case you want to aim it

NPC fucking should be a continuous action



Make strippers dance, the more money you give them the more provocative they are (completely naked and very graphic at 500, 1000 gets you access to VIP for 24 hours ,it's locked normally and sex is allowed there but not in the main room (they refuse MIS in main room, just tip and watch). Can we give some NPCs full sets of layered clothing, but not all? Strippers are a good starting point. 

If NPC gossip is about player rephrase it towards them, make it amusing

Sitting indoors won't mention rain or thunder



You pull yourself out and begin jerking off slowly.
Cyd strokes themselves slowly, lost in it.
Cyd edges themselves, fingers tight, pace building.

^ the cyd ones should say you


NPCs react to MIS in their presence, either with disgust/confusion (MIS off on NPC), or with arousal and interest (MIS on with NPC)


> cum on Vesper's tits
You don't see "vesper" here. <- fix npc cumming on
